For the purpose of creating plugins, anyone is hereby allowed to freely copy,
modify, embed, redistribute, sublicense and sell copies of the source code of
the root directory and `src/` and `assets/` folders, *excluding* the subfolders
in `src/` and also *excluding* all files in `assets/images/external/`.
All other files are licensed under the AGPL-3.0-only (see `LICENSE.txt`).

Furthermore, you may include the source code of this project in the source of
yours, as long as only the above mentioned files are included in the *runtime*
code that will be distributed to the end user. (For development purposes, you
may include and use the entire source code of this project.)

Lastly, you are to make the source code of your plugin available to anyone who
requests it, and you are to provide a link to said source code in the plugin
definition object needed for registering the plugin at runtime.
The exact license of the plugin is up to you, but it must be open-source.

Use is granted under the condition that the original author and the BetterYTM
project is credited in the plugin, in a place that is easily accessible to the
end user. This can be done by including a link to the BetterYTM project in a
dialog in the plugin's runtime code or by putting it in its readme or similar.

Failure to comply with these terms will result in your plugin never being
endorsed by the BetterYTM project and might even result in legal action.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
